Doctors

Register with a local doctor in order to receive health care when you need it. It is important to look after yourself, both physically and mentally, and to know where to go if you need medical assistance.  

GP Practices have catchment areas. It is only possible to register with a GP in your local area.
Being away from home can be daunting, lonely and overwhelming and it’s important that you register with a new local GP (general practitioner) Practice as soon as possible to access help and services should you have a health concern. You can only register with a GP after you have arrived in Edinburgh but you can do your research in advance.

e know that a lot of the GP practices in Edinburgh are full and it can be hard to find a GP to register with in some areas. Some GP practices fill up quickly with new students, so we recommend looking up at least three different options that are closest to your semester-time address in Edinburgh.

If all the GP practices in your local area are full, contact Practitioner Services at nss.psdedinburgh@nhs.scot and they will able to offer more information.

The University Health Service is a GP practice based on the University campus and provides comprehensive medical care for those who choose to register with us and who live within the practice's designated area.  
The Practice is based at Richard Verney Health Centre, 6 Bristo Square, Edinburgh, EH8 9AL.

If you are on prescribed medication then we should advise that not all drugs are licensed and available in the UK and some are only prescribed at hospital level.  It can take many months to see a hospital specialist via the NHS therefore you are advised to bring at least 3 months supply of medication with you to ensure that you have a constant supply and do not run out.

Bristo Square Pharmacy is an independent pharmacy open to students, staff and members of the public for dispensing of prescriptions, sales of medicine and toiletries and general advice. The pharmacy can be contacted on: 0131 667 8247 info@bristosquarepharmacy.com