FeelingGood / Sorted App - how it works

Our research in the NHS shows that this can help recovery from anxiety & depression, helping you let go of worries, cope better with stress, and sleep better.

One of the ways that athletes prepare themselves to perform well is to visualise their moves, setting a goal for themselves and visualising a successful outcome. For example, top skiers experience how their bodies feel moving down a black-level slope; tennis players experience how it feels doing an ace serve; and climbers experience how each move feels as they move up a rock face to the peak. When we visualise a performance in our minds, we are also experiencing how it feels in our bodies, physically and emotionally. Through Positive Mental Training, we can learn to apply these same techniques to visualise successfully achieving our everyday goals, be it for work, socialising, or relaxing at home.

Research shows that when our body is relaxed, our mind is relaxed also (not the other way around - like we mostly expect!). All of the audio tracks focus on relaxing the body along with slow, deep breathing. Relaxing in this way changes the physiological balance of our bodies (the autonomic nervous system) boosting our safety-based ‘rest and relate’ (parasympathetic) nervous system, which automatically switches off our threat-based ‘fight or flight’ (sympathetic) nervous activation. Our relaxed body lets our minds know that everything is OK, and this allows our minds to step back from our negative thoughts and feelings, and to safely review and change these for the better. We call this the ‘body shift’.

By reshaping these memories, students were able to let go of negative emotions and develop a more positive self-view. This demonstrates how even a single PosMT track can help reframe 'trauma' events by transforming the way memories are associated, making them more constructive and positive. Helpful memories—those infused with feelings of autonomy, competency, and relatedness—are key to overall happiness.