UK Medical Assistance

If you are in a life-threatening, critical emergency or injury situation, please dial 999 immediately and ask for an ambulance and/or the police. If you are in a critical emergency situation and you are able to, you can also go to your nearest Accident and Emergency (A&E) department. 
 
If you are in an urgent, but noncritical emergency situation, please dial 111 to connect with NHS 24. They will provide you with immediate advice about your health. Contact them if you think you are in an emergency situation, but it is not life threatening; if you need advice and help on minor injuries (e.g., minor cuts, burns, sprains or insect bites); if you need urgent mental health support; or your GP or dentist are closed, and you cannot wait for them to open.

If you have minor injuries and/or illness, you can contact your local GP, pharmacies, opticians, and dentists. You can also visit the NHS inform page which has various self-help guides (visit them here https://www.nhsinform.scot/symptoms-and-self-help/self-help-guides). 

Usually, your primary contact for any medical treatment is your GP. Please, register with a GP local to your address before you begin your studies. Do not wait until you fall ill to do it! Your GP can refer you to any other medical services, including hospitals, as relevant to your circumstances.

If you are in a hospital, or you expect to go in a hospital in the near future, please let the University know by talking to your Student Adviser or the Student Support Office. They can provide you with guidance on whom to talk to in your School/Deanery and halls of residence to ensure you have the support you need in your academics and at home. 

Your health is a great priority for us. We aim to support you so that your situation improves and you can return to your studies smoothly.

Free sexual health services are available to all students through NHS Lothian Sexual Health, including tests for Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs), emergency contraception and pregnancy advice.

Sexual Health Scotland provides useful information for maintaining your sexual health and wellbeing.