University Mental Health Assistance

Our Student Counselling Service is a confidential service, offering a range of support options to help you work through mental health concerns, personal issues and difficult circumstances. 
Student Counselling Service. All students (on campus and online) can use this free, confidential service. They offer counselling in-person, and by video (MS Teams), phone and email counselling.

Students Against Depression is a website by students, for students offering advice and guidance if you’re affected by depression or low mood.

Know the Score provide online resources as well as a helpline to call for free, confidential information and advice on drug use.

Drinkaware provide advice and tools to help you make better choices about drinking alcohol.

The Students’ Association’s Advice Place can provide you with support on all financial matters from accessing benefits through to budgeting.

Beat is a UK charity that provides support services for those affected by eating disorders.

The NHS and the UK mental-health charity Mind provide guidance on dealing with stress.

iThrive Edinburgh is an online space for mental health and wellbeing information in Edinburgh.

The Let's Talk podcast is a series bringing together different members of the University community to have honest and thought-provoking conversations about mental health.

Nightline is an anonymous and confidential helpline for students in Edinburgh. The team are available every night of term between 8pm and midnight via online chat.

The Advice Place is able to provide frontline support. At the University you can find a range of support and guidance if you are looking to speak to someone about any mental health issues you may be experiencing.  Part of the Edinburgh University Students’ Association, the Advice Place is a professional, independent and confidential advisory service. You do not need an appointment to obtain support from the Advice Place, but if you would like to be sure that an adviser will be available to speak with you then it is advisable to book ahead by telephone or e-mail. They have offices in Potterrow (central) and at Kings’ Buildings.

The Chaplaincy is a safe and welcoming service for people of all faiths and none. The Chaplaincy is for students of all faiths and none, offering free and inexpensive relaxation methods during term time. The Chaplaincy team offer a range of wellbeing services and practices
