The University believes that all staff and students should be able to enjoy working and studying at Edinburgh free from any form of bullying, harassment, or discrimination. We expect that all our students and staff will be treated with dignity and respect at all times.
The University believes that all staff and students should be able to enjoy working and studying at Edinburgh free from any form of bullying or harassment. We expect that all of our students and staff are treated with dignity and respect at all times. 
Unlawful discrimination takes place when an individual or a group of people is treated less favourably than others based on a protected characteristic, including age, disability, gender reassignment, marriage and civil partnership, pregnancy, and maternity (including treating a woman less favourably because she is breastfeeding), race, religion or belief, sex, and sexual orientation.  
Hate Crime or Hate Incident
A hate crime is a criminal offence (e.g., assault) which is perceived by the victim or any other person to be motivated (wholly or partly) by malice and ill-will based on the victim’s age, disability, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or transgender identity.
A hate incident is any incident which the victim, or anyone else, thinks is based on someone’s prejudice towards them because of their age, disability, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or transgender identity. Not all hate incidents will involve criminal offences. For example, name-calling or bullying based on the above protected characteristics may constitute a hate incident, even if no law is broken.
Allegations of hate crimes or a hate incident will be treated extremely seriously and may result in disciplinary action being taken if necessary.
If you feel you have experienced a hate crime or hate incident, we recommend that you contact the police in the first instance. To report an incident to the police by phone, call 101. If it is an emergency, you should call 999.
What are the different forms of hate? 
Bullying, harassment, or discrimination based on a person's age, disability, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or transgender identity. 
It is always your decision, but you may decide to disclose details of the hate crime or hate incident you have experienced to the University and make a formal complaint when the allegation is against a University student or staff member. University staff will always ensure that you are supported through the process.
You can now report any forms of bullying, discrimination or hate on the University’s Report and Support platform either reporting it anonymously or with contact details.
The University has specialised intercultural & anti-discrimination support for students. It has a professional adviser experienced in supporting students who are bullied and discriminated against based on disability, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or transgender identity.
The Advice Place is an official third-party reporting center. It has professional advisers experienced in supporting students involved in the conduct process and can support those who are the subject of a complaint.
Support and guidance for students who have experienced discrimination
How to report discrimination.
What happens once you report a crime or tell the University that you have experienced discrimination
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          