Register with a local doctor in order to receive health care when you need it. It is important to look after yourself, both physically and mentally, and to know where to go if you need medical assistance.  
GP Practices have catchment areas. It is only possible to register with a GP in your local area.
Being away from home can be daunting, lonely and overwhelming and it’s important that you register with a new local GP (general practitioner) Practice as soon as possible to access help and services should you have a health concern. You can only register with a GP after you have arrived in Edinburgh but you can do your research in advance.
NHS inform has lots of information on how to access services. By being prepared, this will avoid delays in accessing the care you need, when you require it.
Registering for a new local GP Practice 
We know that a lot of the GP practices in Edinburgh are full and it can be hard to find a GP to register with in some areas. Some GP practices fill up quickly with new students, so we recommend looking up at least three different options that are closest to your semester-time address in Edinburgh. NHS Lothian website has information about registering with a GP in Edinburgh and which practices are currently closed to new patients.
General Practitioners (GPs) – NHS Lothian | Our Services
If all the GP practices in your local area are full, contact Practitioner Services at nss.psdedinburgh@nhs.scot and they will able to offer more information.
The University Health Service is a GP practice based on the University campus and provides comprehensive medical care for those who choose to register with us and who live within the practice's designated area.  
The Practice is based at Richard Verney Health Centre, 6 Bristo Square, Edinburgh, EH8 9AL.
If you are from overseas please note we will not have any access to your previous medical history.  If you do have an ongoing medical condition which will need treatment whilst in Edinburgh then please bring a copy of your medical record with you outlining the details of your condition and treatment to date. 
If you are on prescribed medication then we should advise that not all drugs are licensed and available in the UK and some are only prescribed at hospital level.  It can take many months to see a hospital specialist via the NHS therefore you are advised to bring at least 3 months supply of medication with you to ensure that you have a constant supply and do not run out.
All registrations are undertaken digitally via the practice website.  Please do not go to the practice to register in person.
University Health Service
If you need urgent help for a medical issue outside of normal GP hours, you can call the NHS 24 service on 111.
If you are seriously ill or injured, you should call 999.
NHS inform provides self-help guides to direct you to medical advice and best next steps based on your symptoms.
NHS inform self-help guides
Student Information Scotland - Funding, Finance and Student Life
Health and Wellbeing - Student Information Scotland
Student Health | NHS inform
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          