Questions specifically focused on the student parent experience
How much notice do we get for our timetable? This depends on your degree programme and if you have optional course choices. (more info tbc)
What support/ provisions does the uni have for those who'd like to take maternity/ paternity leave? Vacation, maternity and parental leave | The University of Edinburgh
Are lectures recorded/ available online? Most of the university lectures are recorded and available on course Virtual Learning pages (Learn). More information is available here. 
How do you manage studying with children? Student Parents Informal Session | The University of Edinburgh
Are children allowed into University buildings? University buildings have local guidance in place on children being allowed into buildings. Please check with your local EDI rep or building manager. Children are not given blanket access to teaching classes, please also check with local supervisors on this. A new study room in the Main Library, Central campus is in development for student parents to take their children to.
PG How to find students like you, for mature students, student parents and student carers - Media Hopper Create
Will I need a guarantor to rent private accommodation, and if I don't have one what can I do? Rent Guarantor Scheme | The University of Edinburgh
How do I apply for the Childcare fund?  https://www.ed.ac.uk/student-funding/hardship-funding/childcare-fund
Is there any financial support for children attending nursery?  The ELC discount is available to all 3-4 year olds and some 2 year olds depending on parents circumstances. All council nurseries and many private nurseries offer this.
Are international students eligible for funded childcare for their child/dependents? EU/Overseas students, PhD students and part-time postgraduate students are not eligible to receive childcare funds.
Where can I go for local support for being a parent, plus where to get cheap prams, buggies? The Pregnancy and Parents Centre, Scottish Buggy Club, Scottish Parliament creche, Bookbug singalong sessions in public libraries, https://www.familiesonline.co.uk, https://www.childcare.co.uk, https://nanny-agency.net, Gumtree, Freecycle, Facebook Market)
Are Student Parents who are also staff able to join the social media groups?  Of course. All Student Parents are welcome to join. Here is a page for staff benefits, including childcare https://www.ed.ac.uk/human-resources/staff-benefits?fbclid=IwAR0ScwjwvaXmkpZTxO0-s9oId3QaoGm-UuHCojIbRAO8WgZFrB_D8qnO7Gg.)
Are prospective Student Parents able to join the social media groups? Absolutely!
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          