Green  and Blue Prescribing are a form of Social Prescribing that use nature-based interventions and activities to improve people’s health and wellbeing. 
Green Prescribing is a form of Social Prescribing that uses nature-based interventions and activities to improve people’s health and wellbeing. It involves connecting people with non-clinical sources of support in the community such as gardening, conservation, outdoor meditation, wellbeing walks and our cycling through green spaces.
Medical research has proven the health and wellbeing benefits of time spent in nature. 
There are various green prescriptions available across Edinburgh, below are just a few you can explore, including: 
Fountainbridge Canal Trust
Canalside Greenspace Group https://www.fcct.scot/2023/08/16/canalside-greenspace-group-started/)
Canalside Walking Group – Thursdays 10am - Health Walks – Fountainbridge Canalside Community Trust (fcct.scot)
Royal Botanic Garden Edinburgh
Community free Food Social supported social wellbeing cooking sessions – Community@rbge.org.uk
Community Move More supported Greenspace wellbeing group for those living with cancer – Community@rbge.org.uk
The Dunking Dollys -  Wild Swimming Group
The Dunking Dollys are a wild swimming group for all staff and students at Easter Bush campus. We embrace the physical and mental health benefits of blue/green therapy to help build campus community, connection and support. All are welcome!
With support from the Student Experience grant team and the campus culture and engagement committee, we have a shared, free to loan kit box including neoprene gloves, socks, tow floats and changing robes as well as safety equipment. The shared kit box will promote inclusive, safety focused swimming and hopefully encourage swim-curious newbies to dip a toe without the need to initially invest in kit!
The Dunking Dollys have regular Monday evening swims at Glencorse reservoir in the Pentlands. Meet us at Roslin reception at 17:15, where you can borrow kit and/or catch a lift with a driver or meet us at Flotterstone car park at 17:30 to walk up to the reservoir together.
On the first Friday of every month, we also organise a Fun Friday sea swim at locations such as Portobello, North Berwick and Longniddry. Details are released closer to the time.
To keep up to date with all news, events and all things swimming with the Dunking Dollys please join the mailing list by subscribing here.
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          