The University of Edinburgh has created a dedicated health and wellbeing centre for students.
The fully accessible Centre is based at 7 Bristo Square and is open Monday to Friday. 
It houses the main bases for Student Counselling and the Disability and Learning Support Services, the Equally Safe team, and the University Health Centre and independent Pharmacy.
Student Counselling and Disability & Learning Support Services offer in person appointments at other areas around the University. Please discuss with staff where would suit you best to meet.
Students can come to the building for same day counselling appointments, and regular scheduled appointments as well as accessing the Wellbeing Lounge.
Our reception area is open from 9am to 4.45pm, Monday to Friday.
Google Maps location
For more information, follow our Wellbeing Team on Twitter:
 @UoEDWellbeing
 Bristo Square Pharmacy is an independent pharmacy open to students, staff and members of the public for dispensing of prescriptions, sales of medicine and toiletries and general advice. The pharmacy can be contacted on: 0131 667 8247 info@bristosquarepharmacy.com
Our Student Counselling Service is a confidential service, offering a range of support options to help you work through mental health concerns, personal issues and difficult circumstances. 
Student Counselling Service
We can offer a range of support based on students’ individual needs and how their disability, learning difference or health condition affects their studies. 
Disability & Learning Support Service
The University Health Centre is an independent NHS medical practice. It offers full general practitioner (GP) services to patients who live in the practice area.
University Health Centre
The Wellbeing Lounge is open!
The main function of the Wellbeing Lounge is to provide a quiet, composed and relaxing space at the heart of the central area where people can take time out of their busy schedules. Over time, there will be opportunities for the space to be booked out for events which promote mental health and wellbeing. We hope you enjoy taking some time out in the lounge.
We expect all users of the Wellbeing Lounge to treat this quiet space with respect as it is in the heart of the Health & Wellbeing Centre, a working building designed to support students.
If you are using the space, please tidy up after yourself, recycle and keep noise to a minimum. Thank you!
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          