Resources to help you with common wellbeing challenges, including money, stress, depression and homesickness. 
All of our University accommodation has its own Residence Life team to support students and make you feel welcome during your stay.
Residence Life
The Accommodation section on the Advice Place website provides guidance on a range of accommodation issues you may encounter, including looking to rent privately, guarantors and how to pay for bills.
The Advice Place - Accommodation
Students Against Depression is a website by students, for students offering advice and guidance if you’re affected by depression or low mood.
Students Against Depression
Know the Score provide online resources as well as a helpline to call for free, confidential information and advice on drug use.
Know the Score
Drinkaware provide advice and tools to help you make better choices about drinking alcohol.
Drinkaware
How to deal with homesickness at university (Times Higher Education)
This toolkit aims to bring together how higher education in the UK is acting to support international students. Globally Minded
There are many opportunities to get involved with activities, including societies and volunteering, to help you keep busy and build a support system at university.
Our Communities | The University of Edinburgh
Check out our Residence Life’s busy event programme. Taking part in events is a great way to meet your RAs and other students within your accommodation.
Activities - Edinburgh University Students’ Association
NHS online provides useful information on Insomnia, including potential symptoms and advice on treatment.
NHS information on insomnia
The Students’ Association’s Advice Place can provide you with support on all financial matters from accessing benefits through to budgeting.
You can also apply to the Advice Place for Emergency Loans and Discretionary Funding.
The Advice Place - Money and funding
Our Scholarships and Student Funding service is your first point of call if you need information or advice on:
Scholarships and student funding
BBC Good Food offer simple, inexpensive recipes to help improve your diet.
BBC Good Food - Students
Beat is a UK charity that provides support services for those affected by eating disorders.
Beat
The NHS and the UK mental-health charity Mind provide guidance on dealing with stress.
Student stress: self-help tips (NHS)
How to manage stress (Mind)
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          