What happens once you report a crime or tell the University that you have experienced discrimination
What happens once you report a crime or tell the University that you have experienced a hate crime or hate incident.
Police Investigation
If a police investigation or criminal proceedings are taking place, the University will not carry out its own investigation until the criminal process is complete. This is because there is a high risk that a university investigation could compromise any police investigation or criminal proceedings. However, if the person you have reported to the police is a student, it is possible for the University to conduct a risk assessment and consider whether any precautionary action is required during a police investigation or criminal proceedings. Information about how the University responds to reports of unacceptable student behaviour is here: Code of Student Conduct.
In a criminal investigation, University and Students’ Association staff may be required to give evidence about any conversations they have had with you or your representatives.
 Once the criminal process is concluded, whatever the outcome of that process, it may then be possible for the University to carry out its own conduct investigation. Please see the section below on ‘University Investigation’ for further information.
University Investigation
If you make a complaint against a University student or staff member, the University may decide to conduct an investigation into a breach of conduct.
If you report an incident which involves another student, the University will consider whether it is appropriate to take action under the Code of Student Conduct. While the criminal process will consider whether a crime has been committed, the University’s disciplinary process considers whether there has been a breach of the Code of Student Conduct.
Investigating a Student
The University Code of Student Conduct sets out expectations for the conduct of students, and identifies harassment, victimisation and discrimination as misconduct offences.’ Learn more about requesting an investigation. 
Risk Assessment
The University may carry out a risk assessment. If the University considers that there is a significant risk to members of the University community, we may take precautionary action while the matter is investigated. Precautionary action can include restricting a student from accessing some (or all) University facilities or participating in University activities, or prohibiting a student from contacting named individuals.
Guidance for students being investigated
Being accused can be difficult and distressing. Information for students who are being investigated under the Code of Student Conduct can be found here: Being Investigated.   
The Advice Place
The Advice Place have professional advisers who are experienced in supporting students involved in the conduct process and can provide support to those who are the subject of a complaint.
Student Counselling Service
You can also access specialist support from the Student Counselling Service. Information on how to contact them and details about the support that they provide can be found on the Student Counselling website.
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          