
When we are struggling with our mental health, we will often think that no one else is feeling the same thing. It can be a huge relief to discover that you are not alone in these struggles. The Let's Talk podcast is a series bringing together different members of the University community to have honest and thought-provoking conversations about mental health. Each episode is hosted by our Chaplain, Harriet Harris, and features discussions between students and staff talking about a range of mental health topics.These are serious topics with lots of space to grow understanding - and with lots of laughter along the way too!

When we are struggling with our mental health, we will often think that no one else is feeling the same thing. It can be a huge relief to discover that you are not alone in these struggles. 
The Let's Talk podcast is a series bringing together different members of the University community to have honest and thought-provoking conversations about mental health. Each episode is hosted by our Chaplain, Harriet Harris, and features discussions between students and staff talking about a range of mental health topics.
These are serious topics with lots of space to grow understanding - and with lots of laughter along the way too!

Please use the following information if any of the issues discussed in this podcast have affected you and you’d like support.If you feel that you or someone you are with is in danger right now, please call 999. You can also contact the NHS 24 hour emergency mental health assessment service on 0131 537 6000.24/7 helplinesBreathing Space: 0800 83 85 87 The Samaritans: 08457 90 90 90Edinburgh Crisis Centre: 0808 801 0414University supportThe Advice PlaceNightlineStudent Counselling ServiceStaff Counselling ServiceThe Listening Service (for students and staff) at the Chaplaincy: chaplaincy@ed.ac.uk; 0131 650 2595

Please use the following information if any of the issues discussed in this podcast have affected you and you’d like support.
If you feel that you or someone you are with is in danger right now, please call 999. You can also contact the NHS 24 hour emergency mental health assessment service on 0131 537 6000.
24/7 helplines
University support

The Let’s Talk podcast is launching a special ‘Life in Lockdown’ series to look into the diverse changes and challenges our University community is experiencing as a result of Covid-19.Harriet Harris leads this series and is joined by students and staff to talk about how they are learning to acclimatise to the new way of living, working and studying away from the University.

The Let’s Talk podcast is launching a special ‘Life in Lockdown’ series to look into the diverse changes and challenges our University community is experiencing as a result of Covid-19.
Harriet Harris leads this series and is joined by students and staff to talk about how they are learning to acclimatise to the new way of living, working and studying away from the University.
This article was published on
          2024-11-12

The views and opinions expressed in this podcast are those of the participants and are not necessarily shared or endorsed by the University of Edinburgh. 


              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          