Resources and contact details if you require help in a crisis, both at the University and around Edinburgh.
If you feel your life is in imminent danger or need emergency assistance, you should call 999 or go to Accident and Emergency at the nearest hospital.
For emergencies occurring while University offices are closed, you can contact University Security by calling 0131 650 2257.
A member of Security will assist you or redirect you to the appropriate services.
University offices are closed: 
This service is not designed or intended in any way to replace the role of the emergency services or other relevant agencies such as GPs or other local NHS provision.
If you live in a University residence, the Residence Life (Res Life) Team can provide assistance if you are concerned about a flatmate’s wellbeing or any other urgent accommodation wellbeing-related issue.
University residence contacts
Through helplines run by volunteers, Samaritans offers emotional support available 24 hours a day. 
Samaritans contact details 
Samaritans Edinburgh branch location
Open to any Edinburgh resident who is 16+ and experiencing a mental health crisis. 
Edinburgh Crisis Centre contact details
Midlothian Mental Health Crisis line  08001182962
A text service, free on all major mobile networks, for anyone in crisis anytime, anywhere.
Text: 85258
Prevention of Young Suicide Charity &  HOPELINE247
Togetherall | The University of Edinburgh
If you’re not in the UK and need mental health support urgently you can look up crisis lines in your country by clicking on the following links
Helplines and crisis-lines from around the world
Befrienders Worldwide
You can also contact the University for support through the University Security 24/7 contact number.
Run by student volunteers, Nightline is an anonymous and confidential helpline for students in Edinburgh. The team are available every night of term between 8pm and midnight via online chat.
Edinburgh Nightline contact details
Breathing Space is a crisis support helpline open 24 hours at weekends (6pm Friday - 6am Monday), and 6pm to 2am from Monday through Thursday. They offer confidential guidance from professional advisors experienced in counselling and social work. 
Breathing Space contact details
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          