Links to three different opportunities to connect with the world and others, remotely on a regular basis 
Many people have barriers, temporary or longer term, to being able to be out and about, engaging with social prescribing support in-person. These can include those living with severe social anxiety, those with vulnerable immune systems, those for who transport costs during a cost of living crisis is out of reach, those who have significant caring responsibilities in the home or those living with long-covid or ME and have periods of extreme low energy.
For these individuals, a more accessible way to engage with some social prescribing programmes may be remotely.
Below, we have provided links to a series of free, online social prescribing options.
Heritage inspired social hospitality can be found at Gladden Village. Gladden is a fictional village, open to and welcoming all! Founded on utilising heritage as a trellis for increasing a sense of belonging and connection to the world around us and others and supporting self-care.
To explore more, visit Gladden, via the link below and register to be a villager.
Home (gladdenvillage.org)
If you wish to connect, or reconnect, with wilderness and the great outdoors, from the comfort of your home, discover the variety of events and activities available through Tinihabitats. You can even organise your own event to contribute to the experiences of this community.
www.TiniHabitat.org
The Human Library was developed in 2000 to host personal conversations designed to challenge stigma and stereotypes. Having started out with in-person events in libraries, festivals, universities and other public venues, you can now access Human Library events virtually. Please explore the link below for more information.
Unjudge someone - The Human Library Organization
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          