Movement therapy to help build campus community, connection and support
The Dunking Dollys - Wild Swimming Group
The Dunking Dollys are a wild swimming group for all staff and students at Easter Bush campus. We embrace the physical and mental health benefits of blue/green therapy to help build campus community, connection and support. All are welcome!
With support from the Student Experience grant team and the campus culture and engagement committee, we have a shared, free to loan kit box including neoprene gloves, socks, tow floats and changing robes as well as safety equipment. The shared kit box will promote inclusive, safety focused swimming and hopefully encourage swim-curious newbies to dip a toe without the need to initially invest in kit!
The Dunking Dollys have regular Monday evening swims at Glencorse reservoir in the Pentlands. Meet us at Roslin reception at 17:15, where you can borrow kit and/or catch a lift with a driver or meet us at Flotterstone car park at 17:30 to walk up to the reservoir together.
On the first Friday of every month, we also organise a Fun Friday sea swim at locations such as Portobello, North Berwick and Longniddry. Details are released closer to the time.
To keep up to date with all news, events and all things swimming with the Dunking Dollys please join the mailing list.
Join the Dunking Dollys mailing list 
Monday night football
Monday Night is football night at the Easter Bush “Nou Camp”.  All are welcome for our fun (and sometimes frantic) free sessions! We start at 5.30pm on the pitch (find it over by the Bumstead Building).
Request more information via email
Capacitar Movement
Please see the Capacitar Movement website for more information.
Go to the Capacitar Movement website
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          