How to report discrimination.
If you feel you have experienced a hate crime, we recommend that you contact the police in the first instance. To report an incident to the police by phone, call 101. If it’s an emergency you should call 999.
It is always your decision, but you may decide to disclose details of the situation you have experienced to the University and make a complaint when the allegation is against a student or University staff member. University staff will always ensure that you are supported through the process. 
You can now report any forms of discrimination on the University’s Report and Support platform either reporting it anonymously or with contact details. This is not a formal crime or conduct report against the other person.
Disclosing to a member of staff
If you disclose to a member of University staff that you have experience a hate crime, they will:
Will the University report details of my disclosure to the police?
The University, including the Advice Place, will not normally report a hate crime to the police without obtaining your permission. However, if the alleged perpetrator of the hate crime presents a continued threat to you and/or other members of the University community, it may be necessary for us to breach confidentiality and report the assault to the police. Any such decision would be taken by the deputy Secretary, Student's Office following discussion with you and based on legal advice, if required. 
Following your disclosure of your experience of a hate crime, you should expect to hear from the member of staff whom you have disclosed the information to, confirming: 
Making a complaint against a student or staff member
If you would like to take action against a University of Edinburgh student or staff member, you can do this through the complaints procedure. Making a complaint to the University. The Advice Place can support you in making this complaint and offer impartial advice. 
Support within your School/Deanery
You can also speak to a member of the Student Support Team within your School/Deanery as well as your Student Adviser or Graduate School office who will be able to assist and direct you to additional sources of support if required.
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          