Our self-help resources provide wellbeing information and access to online mental health support.
Please use this updated map to navigate your way across our campuses and the city of Edinburgh. It maps to the 5 ways of wellbeing: Connect; Give; Take Notice; Keep Learning and Be Active.
Self Care and Wellbeing: A Practical Guide for Health and Social Care (futurelearn.com)
Togetherall is an online support network, available 24/7 for students.
The network includes community, group and 1:1 support, with professionally trained Wall Guides ensuring the safety and anonymity of all members.
You can also access clinical tests and a broad range of self-care resources.
Togetherall
The Feeling Good App can reduce stress, depression and anxiety, and calm the body and mind.
The app is free for all students and provides positive mental training through a self-help programme.
Feeling Good App
SilverCloud offers mental health treatment programmes based around Cognitive Behavioural Therapy.
Students have free access to complete interactive courses focused on depression, anxiety, stress and positive body image.
SilverCloud
The '5 Ways to Wellbeing' are a set of five distinct actions to help improve personal wellbeing:
The Student Counselling service offers a range of self-help resources for your mental wellbeing, allowing you to take courses at your own pace, by working through online slides or downloading a workbook.
Online courses and workbooks
Set up your LinkedIn Learning account and have a look at the Students: Looking after your mental health and wellbeing video collection. It highlights some of the resources available to support good mental health and wellbeing at this challenging time including videos covering resilience, motivation, managing stress, mindfulness, maintaining good mental health, and time management and planning.
Account creation and service access | Information Services
Students: Looking after your mental health and wellbeing video collection 
A self-management support programme for those feeling impacts of loneliness and isolation.
Take 30 Together Virtual (T30TV) | The University of Edinburgh
ALISS is about supporting self-management of health and wellbeing and would lets you know what community assets and programmes  are in your specific neighbourhood, as well as more broadly across Edinburgh.
About - ALISS | ALISS
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          