Support and guidance for students who have experienced discrimination
We want to ensure that you feel supported and heard. If you feel that you require support and assistance in taking any appropriate action, the following services can be of assistance:
Intercultural & Anti-Discrimination Support
Specialised student support on intercultural understanding, bullying and discrimination based on age, disability, race, religion or belief, sexual orientation, or transgender identity. We will deliver proactive educational initiatives (workshops) for both students and staff in raising awareness about intercultural issues and promoting inclusivity on campus by fostering intercultural dialogue and to encourage reporting of all incidents through Report and Support. 
The Advice Place
The Students’ Association Advice Place is able to provide frontline support if you have experienced a hate crime. We strongly encourage you to make contact with staff there as soon as possible. Any action that you decide to take is, of course, entirely your choice, but the Advice Place can advise you on what options there are, including: 
The Advice Place support on hate crimes
The Advice Place will not disclose any of your details to a third party (including the University or the police) without your consent unless the staff believe that you or someone else is at imminent risk of harm. In this case, the staff could discuss this with you first. 
You do not need an appointment to obtain support from the Advice Place, but if you would like to be sure that an adviser will be available to speak with you then it is advisable to book ahead by telephone or e-mail. They have offices in Potterrow (central) and at Kings’ Buildings. Contact the Advice Place 
Student Counselling Service
You can access specialist support from the Student Counselling Service. Information on how to contact them and details about the support that they provide can be found on the Student Counselling website. 
There is additional support available from organisations outside the University for those who have experienced discrimination. 
Victim Support Scotland
Whether you decide to report a hate crime or not, or you are undecided, Victim Support Scotland can give you emotional, confidential and practical help and support.  Contact Victim Support Scotland
The Scottish Government provides links to online information and support for those who have experienced a hate crime. Scottish Government Website
On Your Side is a UK-wide support and reporting service for anyone in the UK who identifies as East and Southeast Asian who has experienced racism or any forms of hate. Contact On Your Side
Stop Hate UK is a leading national organisation working to challenge all forms of hate crime and discrimination, based on any aspect of an individual’s identity. Contact Stop Hate UK
This article was published on
          2024-11-12



              MyEd login 



            The University of Edinburgh is a charitable body, registered in Scotland, with registration number SC005336, VAT Registration Number GB 592 9507 00, and is acknowledged by the UK authorities as a “Recognised body” which has been granted degree awarding powers.
          