Please read these terms and conditions carefully:  if you do not agree to all of the following terms and conditions for use of this website, please leave this website immediately.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Acceptance of these terms
The use of these World Wide Web pages of Feeling Good (referred to as "we” / “our” / “us") is subject to the terms and conditions set out below.
As a user of this website (referred to as "you” / “your"), your use will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Changes 
These Website Terms of Use contain the entire understanding between you and us in relation to use of our website and its content but we reserve the right in our sole discretion to modify, alter or otherwise update these terms and conditions and our web pages at any time without further notice and you agree to be bound by any such modifications, alterations or updates.  You should check this website from time to time to review the then current version of these Website Terms of Use.
Other important legal information
For information about how we process your personal data, please read our Privacy Policy.
PERMITTED USE OF THIS WEBSITE
Licence
The copyright in material on these web pages and the database right in this website is either owned by or licensed to us and is protected by the laws of the United Kingdom, international treaties and all other applicable intellectual property laws.
You are permitted to retrieve and display/listen to content from this website on the device from which you initially accessed or downloaded it and you may print a single copy of individual pages on paper, solely for your personal non-commercial use.
Accessibility
We support the Web Accessibility Initiative and are committed to making our site as accessible as possible to everyone.
We welcome your comments and suggestions about how to make this website more accessible.  If you are unable to access the information you require from this website, please contact us for assistance – our contact details are provided at the end of these Website Terms of Use.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF THIS WEBSITE
Our rights
Any unauthorised downloading, retransmission, or other copying or modification of any of the contents of any of these web pages may be in breach of statutory or common law rights which could be the subject of legal action.
Republishing 
You may not republish any of the content of this website in any manner without our prior written consent. Requests to republish, redistribute or syndicate content should be addressed to hello@sortedmentalhealth.app
Linking           
You may only create a link to our website homepage at https://www.sortedmentalhealth.app on the condition that you do not do any of the following:-
You may not create any link to any other page of this website (or any audio file hosted on our website), nor frame it, without our prior written consent, nor may you restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of it by anyone else.
Databases
You may not create a database in electronic or structured manual form by systematically downloading and storing all or any of the content of this website without our prior written permission.
Editing            
You may not:-
Marketing
You agree not to send unsolicited e-mails for the purposes of advertising or market research to the e-mail addresses provided on this website.
Offers
Nothing on this website constitutes a binding offer by us to perform any service or provide any goods.
Unless specifically accepted by us, we will not be bound by any offers submitted by you via this website.
TRADE MARKS
Our trade marks        
Certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics or designs for the pages of this website may also constitute trade names or unregistered trade marks of ours.  This includes the words “FEELING GOOD APP”, and the “Feeling good” logo.  The display of any trade names or trade marks on this website does not imply that any licence has been granted to you to use the same.
Third party trade marks
All other company and product names together with all other third party devices, logos, icons, graphics or designs as may be referred to on the pages of this website from time to time, are the trade marks of their respective owners and are exhibited only in such a manner as is intended to be for the benefit of such trade mark owners: we intend no infringement of such trade marks.
No endorsement
The appearance or absence of products, services, companies, organisations, or other such content on this website does not imply any endorsement or non-endorsement by us.
LIABILITY
WARNING
This section contains provisions which restrict the extent to which we are liable to you for any loss you may suffer in connection with your use of this website.
By using this website you also agree that you will be liable for any loss we (or certain people connected with us) suffer as a result of breach of these Website Terms of Use by you or by certain people connected with you.
Please read the following section carefully and if you do not agree to these conditions, please leave this website immediately.
Content          
The information, materials and functions contained in this website (including text, graphics, links or other items) are provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind and may be out of date  or may otherwise contain errors or omissions.  The information is for general purposes and guidance only and does not purport to constitute professional advice.
Although acceptance of advertisements on our website for goods or services provided by third parties is subject to our discretion, we do not accept liability in respect of any such advertisements.
Hyperlinks
The provision by us of a link to another website does not constitute any authorisation by us to you to access materials held at that location, nor is it evidence of any endorsement by us of the material held there.
Access abroad          
This website is hosted in Scotland and we make no representation that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United Kingdom.
Our liability
We do not exclude liability (if any) to you for personal injury or death resulting from our negligence, for fraud or for any matter which it would be illegal to exclude or to attempt to exclude.
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all other liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or to a third party in connection with:-
For the avoidance of doubt, this exclusion of liability extends to (but is not limited to) loss or damage due to:-
Your liability  
You agree that you shall be liable for any foreseeable and reasonable costs incurred by us in respect of any and all demands, liabilities, losses, costs and claims (including reasonable legal fees incurred in defending any action or otherwise) sustained or incurred by us, our agents, suppliers, customers, officers, or employees, and arising as a direct result of breach by you of these Website Terms of Use.
GENERAL
Headings        
The headings are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction or interpretation of these Website Terms of Use.
Interpretation
In these Website Terms of Use, unless the context otherwise requires:-
Waiver
Any waiver by either you or us of a breach of any provision of these Website Terms of Use shall not be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision of these Website Terms of Use.
Our relationship with you
You and we are, with respect to one another, independent  parties.  Nothing in these Website Terms of Use is intended to nor shall create any partnership, joint venture or agency.
Transfer of rights / obligations
We shall be entitled to transfer, sub-licence and/or assign any of our rights and/or obligations under these Website Terms of Use.  This will not affect your rights under these Website Terms of Use.
You may not transfer, sub-licence or assign any of your rights or obligations under these Website Terms of Use without our written consent.
Severability    
Every provision of these Website Terms of Use shall be construed separately, applying and surviving even if for any reason any of these provisions is held inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
Law & jurisdiction     
These Website Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Scots law and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you access our website.
CONTACT US
Queries, comments and complaints          
If you have any queries about these Website Terms of Use, or any other aspect of our website, or you have any comments or complaints, you can contact us by emailing hello@sortedmentalhealth.app
or by writing to us at Feeling Good, 24 Boswall Road, Edinburgh, EH5 3RN.
We shall endeavour to respond to any communication received by us as quickly as we can.
- Last updated 15th May 2020
•  FAQs
•  Useful Links
•  About Us
•  Contact Us
•  Research
•  Testimonials
•  Our Videos
•  Terms & Use
•  Sorted App Terms of Use
•  Sorted App Privacy Policy
•  Sorted Teens App T&Cs
•  Sorted Teens App Privacy Policy
•  Sorted App Accessibility Statement
•  Sorted App Service Level Agreement
•  Sorted Teens
•  NHS
•  Higher & Further Education
•  Schools
•  Workplace
•  Videos
•  Our Podcast